# SNHU-CS230

For the purposes of this assignment, a client called The Gaming Room requested the development of a web-based game that could operate on multiple platforms. Their requirements for this were that the software must work similarly to a mobile version that already existed and didn't go over budget. In regards to documentation for this assignment, the research I did for the evaluation section went very well. This, I believe, led to a very good overview of what each operating platform offered when it came to server and client side development requirements. While coding I would reference The Gaming Room UML Diagram so I could have a broad vision of how everything was supposed to come together. This made it easier when working in smaller chunks of code to understand the purpose of those chunks of code. If I could go back to change anything on my design document, I would likely redo the Domain Model section. My UML diagram was great, however, I would like to try to make my understanding of how the classes work together show a little more. When it comes to writing regarding the associations between classes I can find it difficult getting my understanding clearly written out. The source material provided to me regarding what the client wanted assisted greatly in understanding what the user wanted out of the service. Its vitally important to consider user needs especially when it comes to game related development as they are the lifeline of the project. Without user engagement the web game would die. My approach to software design has always been to break larger projects up into smaller more manageable portions. I set specific days and times aside to work on what I need to accomplish. This has always been how I am able to stay on top of deadlines for any projects I have.
